Captive Insurance Companies State What Statute(s) Govern Captive Insurance Companies in this State?  How Is the Term “Captive Insurance Company” Defined?  How Is the Term “Pure Captive Insurance Company” Defined?  How Is the Term “Association Captive Insurance Company” Defined?  How Is the Term “Industrial Insured Captive Insurance Company” Defined?  How Is the Term “Special Purpose Financial Captive Insurance Company” Defined?   How Is the Term “Dormant Captive Insurance Company” Defined?  What Are the Requirements, Restrictions, and Fees for a Captive Insurance Company License?  What Are the Requirements to License a Foreign Insurer as a Captive Insurance Company?  How Is a Captive Insurance Company Organized?  What Are the Rules for Naming a Captive Insurance Company?  How Is a Special Purpose Financial Captive Insurance Company Created and Organized?  What Are the Capital, Surplus, and Reserve Requirements for a Captive Insurance Company?  What Investment Restrictions Are Imposed upon a Captive Insurance Company?  Is a Captive Insurance Company Subject to Risk Management Standards?  What Are the Reporting Requirements for a Captive Insurance Company?  Is a Captive Insurance Company Subject to Inspection and Examination?  What Are the Criteria for Dormancy of a Captive Insurance Company?  How Is a Captive Insurance Company License Denied, Suspended, or Revoked?  What Are the Procedures for Rehabilitation, Liquidation, Conservation, and Dissolution of a Captive Insurance Company?  What Are the Penalties for Violating the Applicable Captive Insurance Laws?   Captive Insurance Company Statutes  Captive Insurance Company Defined  Pure Captive Insurance Company Defined  Association Captive Insurance Company Defined  Industrial Insured Captive Insurance Company Defined  Special Purpose Financial Captive Insurance Company Defined Special Purpose Financial Captive Insurance Company Define  Dormant Captive Insurance Company Defined  Licensing Requirements, Restrictions, and Fees for Captive Insurance Companies  Captive Licensing Requirements for Foreign Insurers  Captive Insurance Company Organization  Naming Rules for Captive Insurance Companies  Creation and Organization of a Special Purpose Financial Captive Insurance Company  Captive Insurance Company Capital, Surplus, and Reserve Requirements  Captive Insurance Company Investment Restrictions  Captive Insurance Company Risk Management Standards  Captive Insurance Company Reporting Requirements  Captive Insurance Company Inspection and Examination  Captive Insurance Company Dormancy  Denied, Suspended, or Revoked Captive Insurance Company License  Captive Insurance Company Rehabilitation, Liquidation, Conservation, and Dissolution  Captive Insurance Company Violations and Penalties  