Restrictive Covenants State Does the Jurisdiction Have Restrictive Covenant Laws or Authority?   Does the Jurisdiction Address Consideration in Restrictive Covenants?    Does the Jurisdiction Have Non-compete Laws or Authority?    Does the Jurisdiction Have Customer Non-solicitation Laws or Authority?    Does the Jurisdiction Have Employee Non-solicitation Laws or Authority?     Does the Jurisdiction Have Laws or Authority Addressing Employee Confidentiality Agreements?    Does the Jurisdiction Have Laws or Authority Addressing Restrictive Enforcement when an Employer Terminates an Employee?    Will the Jurisdiction Enforce Choice of Law Clauses in Restrictive Covenants?   Which Party Bears the Burden of Proof to Enforce Restrictive Covenants?   Do Federal and State Courts in the Jurisdiction Have Different Preliminary Injunction Standards?     Does the Jurisdiction Recognize the Inevitable Disclosure Doctrine in Connection to Non-competes?   Does the Jurisdiction Permit Courts to Reform and/or Void Overbroad Restrictive Covenants?     Requirements    Restrictive Covenants Signed Before or at Inception of Employment Restrictive Covenants Signed After Commencement of Employment    Enforceability of Non-compete Agreements Remedies    Enforceability of Customer Non-solicitation Agreements Remedies    Enforceability of Employee Non-solicitation Agreements Remedies Enforceability of Customer Non-solicitation Agreements    Enforceability of Employee Confidentiality Agreements Remedies    Enforcement after For-Cause Terminations Enforcement after Without-Cause Terminations    Choice of Law Rules    Burden of Proof Rules    Obtaining Restrictive Covenant Preliminary Injunctions in State Court Obtaining Restrictive Covenant Preliminary Injunctions in Federal Court Obtaining Restrictive Covenant Preliminary Injunctions in Federal Court.    Using the Inevitable Disclosure Doctrine to Imply a Non-compete Agreement or to Obtain a Preliminary Injunction to Enforce a Non-compete Agreement    Rules and Requirements