Screening and Hiring State   Does the Jurisdiction Have Job Application Requirements or Restrictions?    Does the Jurisdiction Recognize Implied Contracts for Employment?    Does the Jurisdiction Regulate Job References?   Does the Jurisdiction Have a Mini-FCRA Law?   Does the Jurisdiction Regulate How Employers May Obtain or Use Criminal Background Information?     Does the Jurisdiction Have Authority on Negligent Hiring?   Does the Jurisdiction Regulate How Employers Obtain and Use Credit History Information?   Does the Jurisdiction Limit Employers’ Access to Individuals’ Social Media Accounts?   Does the Jurisdiction Have Ban-the-Box Requirements?   Does the Jurisdiction Limit Employers’ Ability to Obtain and Use Salary History Information?    Does the Jurisdiction Regulate Unemployment Discrimination?   Does the Jurisdiction Regulate Workplace Drug Testing?      Does the Jurisdiction Restrict Workplace Polygraph Testing?   Does the Jurisdiction Have Employee Privacy Laws?   Does the Jurisdiction Regulate the Employment of Undocumented Workers?     Does the Jurisdiction Require Notices or Acknowledgments at Hiring?      Job Application Requirements Job Application Restrictions    Pre-Hire Representations – Avoiding Implied Contract Claims Post-Hire Representations – Avoiding Implied Contract Claims    Requirements Concerning Job References    Mini-FCRA Requirement    Requirements Concerning Criminal Record Information that Employers May Obtain or Request Laws Mandating Employers to Run Criminal Background Checks Laws Barring Discrimination against Individuals with Criminal Records    Negligent Hiring Standards    Requirements Concerning Credit History Information that Employers May Obtain or Request    Requirements Limiting Employers' Access to Individuals' Social Media Accounts    Ban-the-Box Law Requirements    Requirements Limiting Employers' Ability to Inquire into and Use Salary History Information Requirements Limiting Employer’s Ability to Inquire into and Use Salary History Information    Unemployment Discrimination Law Requirements    Pre-Employment Drug Testing Drug Testing of Employees Medical and Recreational Marijuana Marijuana    Limitations on Polygraph Testing    Employee Privacy Requirements    Laws Governing Using or Hiring Undocumented Workers Employment Verification Potential Penalties    Required Notices and Acknowledgments at Hiring Potential Penalties 